Create section for installing from private package repos (#597)
astronomer/docs: astro/develop-project.md

    └── prod.env
```

## Install Python Packages from Private Sources

> Python packages can be installed from public and private locations into your image. Packages listed on [PyPI](https://pypi.org/search/) can easily be installed by simply listing them in the
> `requirements.txt`. For packages listed on private PyPI indices, or whos source code is stored in a private git repository, the build process requires some extra steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python packages can be installed from public and private locations into your image. To install public packages listed on [PyPI](https://pypi.org/search/), follow the steps in [Add Python and OS-level Packages](add-python-and-os-level-packages). To install packages listed on private PyPI indices or a private git-based repository, you need to complete additional configuration in your project.
```

> The image usually used to build (quay.io/astronomer/astro-runtime:4.2.10) contains [ONBUILD](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#onbuild) instructions that will automatically
> install the dependancies from `packages.txt` and `requirements.txt`. For packages to be installed from private sources, an *unpacked* version of the image must be used to allow credentials to
> be injected before the ONBUILD instructions are executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on where your private packages are stored, use one of the following setups to install your packages to an Astro project by customizing your Runtime image. 
```

    └── prod.env
```

## Install Python Packages from Private Sources

Python packages can be installed from public and private locations into your image. Packages listed on [PyPI](https://pypi.org/search/) can easily be installed by simply listing them in the
`requirements.txt`. For packages listed on private PyPI indices, or whos source code is stored in a private git repository, the build process requires some extra steps.

The image usually used to build (quay.io/astronomer/astro-runtime:4.2.10) contains [ONBUILD](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#onbuild) instructions that will automatically
install the dependancies from `packages.txt` and `requirements.txt`. For packages to be installed from private sources, an *unpacked* version of the image must be used to allow credentials to
be injected before the ONBUILD instructions are executed.

<Tabs
    defaultValue="github"
    values={[
        {label: 'Private GitHub Repo', value: 'github'},
        {label: 'Private PyPi Index', value: 'pypi'},

>         {label: 'Linux', value: 'linux'},

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

   FROM custom-astro-runtime:5.0.0-base
   ```

Your Astro project can now utilize Python packages from your private GitHub repository. To test your DAGs, you can either [run your project locally](develop-project.md#build-and-run-a-project-locally) or [deploy to Astro](deploy-cli.md).

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="pypi">

#### Install Python Packages from a Private PyPI Index

> This topic provides instructions for building your Astro project using Python packages from a private PyPI index. In some organizations, python packages will be prebuilt and pushed to a hosted private pip server (such as pypiserver, or Nexus Repository) or managed service (such as PackageCloud or Gitlab). Similar to [installing from a private GitHub Repository](Install Python Packages from a Private GitHub Repository), builds that require packages from a private PyPI index must be done using a multi-stage build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This topic provides instructions for building your Astro project using Python packages from a private PyPI index. In some organizations, python packages are prebuilt and pushed to a hosted private pip server (such as pypiserver or Nexus Repository) or managed service (such as PackageCloud or Gitlab). At a high level, this setup requires specifying your private packages in `requirements.txt`, creating a custom Docker image that changes where pip looks for packages, and building your project with this Docker image.
```

    ```docker
    LABEL maintainer="Astronomer <humans@astronomer.io>"
    ARG BUILD_NUMBER=-1
    LABEL io.astronomer.docker=true
    LABEL io.astronomer.docker.build.number=$BUILD_NUMBER
    LABEL io.astronomer.docker.airflow.onbuild=true
    # Install Python and OS-Level Packages
    COPY packages.txt .
    RUN apt-get update && cat packages.txt | xargs apt-get install -y

    FROM stage1 AS stage2
    # Install Python Packages
    ARG PIP_EXTRA_INDEX_URL
    ENV PIP_EXTRA_INDEX_URL=${PIP_EXTRA_INDEX_URL}
    COPY requirements.txt .
    RUN pip install --no-cache-dir -q -r requirements.txt

    FROM stage1 AS stage3
    # Copy requirements directory
    COPY --from=stage2 /usr/local/lib/python3.9/site-packages /usr/local/lib/python3.9/site-packages
    COPY . .
    ```

    In order, these commands:

    - Complete the standard installation of OS-level packages in `packages.txt`.
    - Add the environment variable `PIP_EXTRA_INDEX_URL` to instruct pip on where to look for non-public packages.
    - Install public and private Python-level packages from your `requirements.txt` file.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

#### Step 3: Build a Custom Docker Image

1. Run the following command to create a new Docker image from your `Dockerfile.build` file, making sure to substitute in the pip repository and associated credentials:

    ```sh
    DOCKER_BUILDKIT=1 docker build -f Dockerfile.build --progress=plain --build-arg PIP_EXTRA_INDEX_URL=https://${<repo-username>}:${<repo-password>}@<private-pypi-repo-domain-name> -t custom-<airflow-image> .
    ```

    For example, if you have `quay.io/astronomer/astro-runtime:5.0.0` in your `Dockerfile.build`, this command would be:

    ```sh

>     DOCKER_BUILDKIT=1 docker build -f Dockerfile.build --progress=plain --ssh=github="$HOME/.ssh/<authorized-key>" -t custom-astro-runtime-5.0.0 .

Reviewer: I don't think this example has been updated for the new setup

Reviewer: Pingin on this again

    ```

2. Replace the contents of your Astro project's `Dockerfile` with the following:

   ```
   FROM custom-<airflow-image>
   ```

   For example, if your base Runtime image was `quay.io/astronomer/astro-runtime:5.0.0`, this line would be:

   ```
   FROM custom-astro-runtime:5.0.0
   ```

>    Your Astro project can now utilize Python packages from your private GitHub repository. To test your DAGs, you can either [run your project locally](develop-project.md#build-and-run-a-project-locally) or [deploy to Astro](deploy-code.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Your Astro project can now utilize Python packages from your private PyPi index. To test your DAGs, you can either [run your project locally](develop-project.md#build-and-run-a-project-locally) or [deploy to Astro](deploy-code.md).
```
